serve pelias-compare from api servers (#1416)
pelias/api: README.md

  * `npm run config`: dump the configuration to the command line, which is useful for debugging configuration issues

## Configuration via pelias-config

> To quicly run a pelias with your custom config, specify the location of the config file as an environment variable like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To quickly run the API with your custom config, specify the location of the config file as an environment variable like
```
